we're setting camera traps to
study tigers two people got
eaten by Tigers right before we
started when there's a tiger
around
you can't sleep you can barely
eat you can't do anything
because all you are scared for
life I've been in Indonesia now
for almost a year
tracking Tigers through the
remaining national parks
you can smell Tigers have been
on that they're very close it
was very distinct smell
whenever we thought that there
might be one around it was drop
everything kind of fear
light a fire to do everything we
could to never see one
the way we monitor where Tigers
are is by setting remotely
triggered camera traps
there's not a single trail and
there's really just two options
to get through these landscapes
one is along a ridge line and
the others upper river so
climbing up a thousand meters at
a 45 degree angle the 70 pound
pack
we're all exhausted we return
two months or three months later
and retrieve the memory card and
we get to see all the animals
yeah
northern n and we come across
another clear-cut is fresh
only six months old maybe like
us people come here because the
forest department or researchers
like me
maybe once every five years we
would randomly come across the
location
so if someone claims of people
and like this we're gonna get
away with it
our research has highlighted
that Tigers will remain in all
sorts of force no matter if
they're logged or degraded or
fragmented as long as we can
control poachy
this is their earliest
pre-colonial shipwreck ever
discovered
so to find something like that
is like you know this like
Hollywood story and help